README.md, before:

# Holi Project

Welcome: [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net)

Project Description: 

As I am studying at Code Institute, this project is prepared for submission as my first project which is after getting a good understanding of HTML and CSS.

This project is the place for information related to one of the most popular Indian festivals, Holi. Here I try to add all relevant information related to this 
festival for example,what this festival is, why it is celebrated, how one can celebrate this, what all preparations required, where one can join others in this celebration, etc. 

I, myself, struggled many times to get the complete understanding of this festival and needed to google for multiple websites to get all the information. 
So this thought triggered in my mind to create a one stop place for such information and to prepare this website. In this website, I used information 
from various places, including public websites, religious books and as well self knowledge.
![Response](images/project1Screenshot%202023-08-29%20113712.png)

# How to use: 

This is an information website, hence no specific instructions are required here for usage. Information on this website is quite self explanatory.
 On the events page, currently displaying a (dummy) list of events. in future, will add an option to filter that out based on search criteria so
 that the user can filter out a list of events based on his/her current location.

# Roadmap:

Currently this website is for internal use and is limited to HTML and CSS as technology. In future would like to enhance this as follows:
- Update information on Preparations page as food is just one part of preparation though it is most important
- Upgrade site for search criteria with the events filtering
- Add section for live feedback/inputs/suggestions from users
- Add registration/login possibility for users from around the world to contribute here
- Add functionality to send event information to the registered users
- Cater event registration process through this website for the events around the world

# Acknowledgement:

I took help from training material provided by Code Institute when preparing this website. Along with that, big community of developer from Code Institute and mentor were very halpful for supporting me time to time during the development phase for me.

# Project Status:

In current status, this website is functioning for the targated local execution. As well this is ready for launching in WWW. Highlevel enhancements for fututre are metioned in roadmap, which are not mandatory, of course, but will provide more value to the website.

# Validator Testing

HTML =
        No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org)

CSS =
        No errors were found when passing through the official [Jigsaw validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator )

# Disclaimer:

Images used in this website is fetched from various website available on internet today.

Commit message:

fix deployment steps with project link

README.md, after:

# Holi Project

Welcome: [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net)

Project Description: 

As I am studying at Code Institute, this project is prepared for submission as my first project which is after getting a good understanding of HTML and CSS.

This project is the place for information related to one of the most popular Indian festivals, Holi. Here I try to add all relevant information related to this 
festival for example,what this festival is, why it is celebrated, how one can celebrate this, what all preparations required, where one can join others in this celebration, etc. 

I, myself, struggled many times to get the complete understanding of this festival and needed to google for multiple websites to get all the information. 
So this thought triggered in my mind to create a one stop place for such information and to prepare this website. In this website, I used information 
from various places, including public websites, religious books and as well self knowledge.
![Response](images/project1Screenshot%202023-08-29%20113712.png)

# How to use: 

This is an information website, hence no specific instructions are required here for usage. Information on this website is quite self explanatory.
 On the events page, currently displaying a (dummy) list of events. in future, will add an option to filter that out based on search criteria so
 that the user can filter out a list of events based on his/her current location.

# Roadmap:

Currently this website is for internal use and is limited to HTML and CSS as technology. In future would like to enhance this as follows:
- Update information on Preparations page as food is just one part of preparation though it is most important
- Upgrade site for search criteria with the events filtering
- Add section for live feedback/inputs/suggestions from users
- Add registration/login possibility for users from around the world to contribute here
- Add functionality to send event information to the registered users
- Cater event registration process through this website for the events around the world

# Acknowledgement:

I took help from training material provided by Code Institute when preparing this website. Along with that, big community of developer from Code Institute and mentor were very halpful for supporting me time to time during the development phase for me.

# Project Status:

In current status, this website is functioning for the targated local execution. As well this is ready for launching in WWW. Highlevel enhancements for fututre are metioned in roadmap, which are not mandatory, of course, but will provide more value to the website.

# Validator Testing

HTML =
        No errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org)

CSS =
        No errors were found when passing through the official [Jigsaw validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator )


## Deployment Steps

This game website is deployed to Github page and steps for the same are as follows:
- Goto Github repository
- Navigate to Settings
- Goto to Code and Automation -> Pages tab
- Select Main branch and click on save

Working link to the website is here - https://pallavigoel1.github.io/Pallavi_Project1/
# Disclaimer:

Images used in this website is fetched from various website available on internet today.
